proj1
=====
https://rawgithub.com/dsessoms/gameOfLife/master/main.html

Design:
When redesigning the game I tried to keep my initial game setup of using an array of arrays to represent the grid. This time however, I implemente this within the Board object. By doing this I tried to shield the internal representation to help prevent it from being corrupted, and to make the Board object modular in the sense that it can represent any grid-like board game. The challenge of not using the canvas made me turn toward the html table because it appeared to have the grid type structre that was ideal for this particular game. I used my old grid system of 20x20 cells but used my htmlGame function to generate a table that had cells that mapped to each of the elements in the board array. By doing this I was essentially able to play the same game that I had on the first section but I just managed to draw it in a different way. In order to allow the user to choose their initial conditions I set up listeners that would report when a cell was selected in the table and update a list of clicke cells that would then later be used to construct the grid that would represent that instance of the game. The start and stop buttons were the best way to allow the user to start and stop the game during play. I implemented my random function as my add on because I liked seeing what random patterns could emerge wihtout me having to plan them, and it was also nice to not have to select each individual square. The game of life is still able to be played without the html representation because it still only uses the internal grid representation to maintain its current state and update from there. Another design I was considering was using a grid-like pattern of divs, but i decided against it because it seemed as though a lot of styling would be required in order to get the system to look right. For the look of the webpage I used a css file to help place some of the elments. I decided to put the rules on the left and right of the grid becasue the space look rather blank and I figured those were important enought to include. There are instructions on the bottom of the grid just in case the clicking on squares gets confusing (not trying to be sarcastic).


Basic coding/Modularity:
The coding was rather short for this project, but I tried to use functions for most of the work so that the variables I created within them  would not contaminate the namespace. When making the functions I tried to make them as readable as possible by creating several different functions with descriptive names rather than creating an overloaded one. I tried to comment my code as much as possible without crossing into the cluttered category. All of the functions that do not need to be in the global namespace have been moved into the repsective function that use them. I tried to split my code up into different files in order to increase the readability and allow for faster browsing. 

Verification:
Created several tests for the functions within the program. These are all located in the testing file and can be run by uncommenting the testSuit() function call at the end of the line. I attempted to test most of the functions like game of life, and the game of board object to make sure they worked as anticipated. I also used visual testing to ensure this as well (more on this in the testing file).
